fix dex chart values uses with k8s local-environment sample within contrib folder (#2880)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: contrib/local-environment/kubernetes/README.md

* `make deploy`

Visit http://httpbin.localtest.me or http://hello-world.localtest.me/

> Note: When accessing the service for the first time, dex will authenticate the user.
> Dex deployment is setup with static local credentials of user as `admin@example.com` with password as `password`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When accessing the service for the first time you will need to authenticate with Dex. It is configured using static credentials for testing. With username `admin@example.com` and password set to `password`.
```
